Fixed some grammar issues and typos (#1865)
gohugoio/hugoDocs: content/en/content-management/shortcodes.md

#### Example `gist` Display

> To demonstrate the remarkable efficiency of Hugo's shortcode feature, we have embedded the `spf13` `gist` example in this page. The following simulates the experience for visitors to your website. Naturally, the final display will be contingent on your stylesheets and surrounding markup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To demonstrate the remarkable efficiency of Hugo's shortcode feature, we have embedded the `spf13` `gist` example in this page. The following simulates the experience for visitors to your website. Naturally, the final display will depend on your stylesheets and surrounding markup.
```
